h1. Elexis-server development target

This bundle contains two different target files, while the target to be used is located in the root folder called @elexis-server.target@. The code and target files located in the @prepare@ directory are used to build the required p2 repository
to provide the required production target.

h2. Modifying the production target

The production target is created by executing the ant script within the  @production@ directory. This will merge all the
installable units referenced in @elexis-server-prepare.target@ into a single p2 repository to be used within @elexis-server.target@.

This allows for a consistent build of the production target, and also to set-up a local mirror to speedup the build process.

Please see "https://wiki.eclipse.org/Tycho/Target_Platform/Authentication_and_Mirrors":https://wiki.eclipse.org/Tycho/Target_Platform/Authentication_and_Mirrors and "https://maven.apache.org/guides/mini/guide-mirror-settings.html":https://maven.apache.org/guides/mini/guide-mirror-settings.html for detailed information on setting up a mirror. The @settings.xml@ file reference in this article has to go to @${HOME}/.m2/settings.xml@. The @id@ for the main target is @elexis-server@.

h2. References

The idea was taken from "https://dzone.com/articles/simplifying-p2-process-part-2":https://dzone.com/articles/simplifying-p2-process-part-2  and "http://codeandme.blogspot.co.at/2012/12/tycho-build-8-using-target-platform.html":http://codeandme.blogspot.co.at/2012/12/tycho-build-8-using-target-platform.html

Please see "https://srv.elexis.info/jenkins/view/elexis-server/job/Build_elexis-server_target":https://srv.elexis.info/jenkins/view/elexis-server/job/Build_elexis-server_target for a configured build process executing this script.